chore: cut v0.86.0 (#7991)
prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.86.0 / 2025-10-07

> [!NOTE]
> This release introduces the status subresource (behind the `StatusForConfigurationResources` feature gate) for `ServiceMonitor`, `PodMonitor` and `Scrapeconfig` custom resources. It is only supported for `Prometheus` resources.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > This release enables UTF-8 character support in label names, metric names and prometheus rule expressions for Prometheus 3.0+ compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This release enables automatic UTF-8 character support in label names, metric names and PrometheusRule expressions for Prometheus/PrometheusAgent resources running with version >= 3.0.0.
> To preserve backward compatibility, the admission webhook service validates PrometheusRule resources against the legacy Prometheus scheme by default (but it can be changed with the `--name-validation-scheme` flag).
```

* [CHANGE] Remove automatic addition of the `metadata-wal-records` feature flag for Prometheus versions >= 3.4. #7893
* [CHANGE] Add miscellaneous validations to the `ScrapeConfig` CRD. #7856 #7823 #7835 #7838 #7838 ##7966

> * [CHANGE/FEATURE] Add support for UTF-8 characters in label names and metric names in PrometheusRules and relabel configurations. #7637 #7985

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE/FEATURE] Add support for UTF-8 characters to label names and metric names in `PrometheusRule` resources and relabel configurations. #7637 #7985
```

> * [CHANGE/FEATURE] Add support for UTF-8 characters in label names and metric names in PrometheusRules and relabel configurations. #7637 #7985

Reviewer: should we add another entry for https://github.com/prometheus-operator/prometheus-operator/pull/7637 but related to the admission webhook service option?

Author: ya could add in bugfix

Reviewer: yes
